in all of the jungle no creature is as
curious as George there's a laugh he's
up for it if there's trouble he's behind
it and if there's a chance for adventure
can I have my hat please he's into it
peekaboo
oh boo this was fun I gotta go but
George is about to discover just how far
curiosity can take him
you follow me all the way from Africa
now he's in a whole new world and still
do his same old tricks
oh boy you're gonna want to put the
cucumber's back on
from producer Ron Howard and imagine
Entertainment comes a comedy that proves
there's no end to what you can discover
George
featuring new songs by Jack Johnson and
the voice talents of Will Ferrell Drew
Barrymore
David Cross Eugene Levy Joan Plowright
and Dick Van Dyke get ready for some
serious monkey business Curious George
there's no way I'm gonna eat that bug so
quickly oh wow yeah that days bad
definitely bitter